# **Dash Web App Template**

A [Dash by Plotly](https://plotly.com/dash/) template to speed up the initial development phase of web applications.

## Resources
- A home page with links to other pages of the application;
- User authentication placeholder;
- Web fonts and icons integration;
- Error logging;
- Dash layout and Plotly charts;
- Werkzeug middleware.


## Files

- main.py
- README.md
- utils
  - __init__.py
  - utils.py
  - fonts.py
  - colors.py
- assets
  - favicon.ico
  - styles.css
- data
  - errorlog.log
- layouts
  - menu.py
  - app1.py
  - app2.py

### main.py
Main file for server callbacks and unification other files from this project.

### README.md
This file. Instructions for usage of this template.

### utils
Package of support scripts for main.py to better organize the code.

#### utils/__init__.py
Package initialization script.

#### utils/utils.py
Main script of the utils package.

#### utils/fonts.py
File containing hrefs of web fonts.

#### utils/colors.py
The color palette object.

### assets
The front-end imagery folder.

#### assets/favicon.ico
HTML header icon.

#### assets/styles.css
The application main stylesheet.

### data
Folder of data used or generated by the app.

#### data/errorlog.log
Error logging output.

### layouts
The application layouts folder.

#### layouts/menu.py
Login/authentication page with links to the other pages of the application.

#### layout/app1.py
Application page template.

#### layout/app2.py
Application page template.

### .gitignore
File that specifies which folders and files will be ignored by Git.